README.md, before:

<div align="center"><img src="assets/logo.png" width="350"></div>
<img src="assets/demo.png" >

## Introduction
YOLOX is an anchor-free version of YOLO, with a simpler design but better performance! It aims to bridge the gap between research and industrial communities.
For more details, please refer to our [report on Arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.08430).

This repo is an implementation of PyTorch version YOLOX, there is also a [MegEngine implementation](https://github.com/MegEngine/YOLOX).

<img src="assets/git_fig.png" width="1000" >

## Updates!!
* 【2021/08/19】 We optimize the training process with **2x** faster training and **~1%** higher performance! See [notes](docs/updates_note.md) for more details.
* 【2021/08/05】 We release [MegEngine version YOLOX](https://github.com/MegEngine/YOLOX).
* 【2021/07/28】 We fix the fatal error of [memory leak](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/issues/103)
* 【2021/07/26】 We now support [MegEngine](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/tree/main/demo/MegEngine) deployment.
* 【2021/07/20】 We have released our technical report on [Arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.08430).

## Comming soon
- [ ] YOLOX-P6 and larger model.
- [ ] Objects365 pretrain.
- [ ] Transformer modules.
- [ ] More features in need.

## Benchmark

#### Standard Models.

|Model |size |mAP<sup>val<br>0.5:0.95 |mAP<sup>test<br>0.5:0.95 | Speed V100<br>(ms) | Params<br>(M) |FLOPs<br>(G)| weights |
| ------        |:---: | :---:    | :---:       |:---:     |:---:  | :---: | :----: |
|[YOLOX-s](./exps/default/yolox_s.py)    |640  |40.5 |40.5      |9.8      |9.0 | 26.8 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_s.pth) |
|[YOLOX-m](./exps/default/yolox_m.py)    |640  |46.9 |47.2      |12.3     |25.3 |73.8| [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_m.pth) |
|[YOLOX-l](./exps/default/yolox_l.py)    |640  |49.7 |50.1      |14.5     |54.2| 155.6 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_l.pth) |
|[YOLOX-x](./exps/default/yolox_x.py)   |640   |51.1 |**51.5**  | 17.3    |99.1 |281.9 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_x.pth) |
|[YOLOX-Darknet53](./exps/default/yolov3.py)   |640  | 47.7 | 48.0 | 11.1 |63.7 | 185.3 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_darknet.pth) |

<details>
<summary>Legacy models</summary>

|Model |size |mAP<sup>test<br>0.5:0.95 | Speed V100<br>(ms) | Params<br>(M) |FLOPs<br>(G)| weights |
| ------        |:---: | :---:       |:---:     |:---:  | :---: | :----: |
|[YOLOX-s](./exps/default/yolox_s.py)    |640  |39.6      |9.8     |9.0 | 26.8 | [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/EW62gmO2vnNNs5npxjzunVwB9p307qqygaCkXdTO88BLUg?e=NMTQYw)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_s.pth) |
|[YOLOX-m](./exps/default/yolox_m.py)    |640  |46.4      |12.3     |25.3 |73.8| [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/ERMTP7VFqrVBrXKMU7Vl4TcBQs0SUeCT7kvc-JdIbej4tQ?e=1MDo9y)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_m.pth) |
|[YOLOX-l](./exps/default/yolox_l.py)    |640  |50.0  |14.5 |54.2| 155.6 | [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/EWA8w_IEOzBKvuueBqfaZh0BeoG5sVzR-XYbOJO4YlOkRw?e=wHWOBE)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_l.pth) |
|[YOLOX-x](./exps/default/yolox_x.py)   |640  |**51.2**      | 17.3 |99.1 |281.9 | [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/EdgVPHBziOVBtGAXHfeHI5kBza0q9yyueMGdT0wXZfI1rQ?e=tABO5u)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_x.pth) |
|[YOLOX-Darknet53](./exps/default/yolov3.py)   |640  | 47.4      | 11.1 |63.7 | 185.3 | [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/EZ-MV1r_fMFPkPrNjvbJEMoBLOLAnXH-XKEB77w8LhXL6Q?e=mf6wOc)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_darknet53.pth) |

</details>

#### Light Models.

|Model |size |mAP<sup>val<br>0.5:0.95 | Params<br>(M) |FLOPs<br>(G)| weights |
| ------        |:---:  |  :---:       |:---:     |:---:  | :---: |
|[YOLOX-Nano](./exps/default/nano.py) |416  |25.8  | 0.91 |1.08 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_nano.pth) |
|[YOLOX-Tiny](./exps/default/yolox_tiny.py) |416  |32.8 | 5.06 |6.45 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_tiny.pth) |


<details>
<summary>Legacy models</summary>

|Model |size |mAP<sup>val<br>0.5:0.95 | Params<br>(M) |FLOPs<br>(G)| weights |
| ------        |:---:  |  :---:       |:---:     |:---:  | :---: |
|[YOLOX-Nano](./exps/default/nano.py) |416  |25.3  | 0.91 |1.08 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_nano.pth) |
|[YOLOX-Tiny](./exps/default/yolox_tiny.py) |416  |32.8 | 5.06 |6.45 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_tiny_32dot8.pth) |

</details>

## Quick Start

<details>
<summary>Installation</summary>

Step1. Install YOLOX.
```shell
git clone git@github.com:Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX.git
cd YOLOX
pip3 install -U pip && pip3 install -r requirements.txt
pip3 install -v -e .  # or  python3 setup.py develop
```

Step2. Install [pycocotools](https://github.com/cocodataset/cocoapi).

```shell
pip3 install cython; pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/cocodataset/cocoapi.git#subdirectory=PythonAPI'
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>Demo</summary>

Step1. Download a pretrained model from the benchmark table.

Step2. Use either -n or -f to specify your detector's config. For example:

```shell
python tools/demo.py image -n yolox-s -c /path/to/your/yolox_s.pth --path assets/dog.jpg --conf 0.25 --nms 0.45 --tsize 640 --save_result --device [cpu/gpu]
```
or
```shell
python tools/demo.py image -f exps/default/yolox_s.py -c /path/to/your/yolox_s.pth --path assets/dog.jpg --conf 0.25 --nms 0.45 --tsize 640 --save_result --device [cpu/gpu]
```
Demo for video:
```shell
python tools/demo.py video -n yolox-s -c /path/to/your/yolox_s.pth --path /path/to/your/video --conf 0.25 --nms 0.45 --tsize 640 --save_result --device [cpu/gpu]
```


</details>

<details>
<summary>Reproduce our results on COCO</summary>

Step1. Prepare COCO dataset
```shell
cd <YOLOX_HOME>
ln -s /path/to/your/COCO ./datasets/COCO
```

Step2. Reproduce our results on COCO by specifying -n:

```shell
python tools/train.py -n yolox-s -d 8 -b 64 --fp16 -o [--cache]
                         yolox-m
                         yolox-l
                         yolox-x
```
* -d: number of gpu devices
* -b: total batch size, the recommended number for -b is num-gpu * 8
* --fp16: mixed precision training
* --cache: caching imgs into RAM to accelarate training, which need large system RAM. 

When using -f, the above commands are equivalent to:
```shell
python tools/train.py -f exps/default/yolox_s.py -d 8 -b 64 --fp16 -o [--cache]
                         exps/default/yolox_m.py
                         exps/default/yolox_l.py
                         exps/default/yolox_x.py
```
  
**Multi Machine Training**

We also support multi-nodes training. Just add the following args:
* --num\_machines: num of your total training nodes
* --machine\_rank: specify the rank of each node

Suppose you want to train YOLOX on 2 machines, and your master machines's IP is 123.123.123.123, use port 12312 and TCP.  
On master machine, run
```shell
python tools/train.py -n yolox-s -b 128 --dist-url tcp://123.123.123.123:12312 --num-machines 2 --machine-rank 0
```
On the second machine, run
```shell
python tools/train.py -n yolox-s -b 128 --dist-url tcp://123.123.123.123:12312 --num-machines 2 --machine-rank 1
```

</details>


<details>
<summary>Evaluation</summary>

We support batch testing for fast evaluation:

```shell
python tools/eval.py -n  yolox-s -c yolox_s.pth -b 64 -d 8 --conf 0.001 [--fp16] [--fuse]
                         yolox-m
                         yolox-l
                         yolox-x
```
* --fuse: fuse conv and bn
* -d: number of GPUs used for evaluation. DEFAULT: All GPUs available will be used.
* -b: total batch size across on all GPUs

To reproduce speed test, we use the following command:
```shell
python tools/eval.py -n  yolox-s -c yolox_s.pth -b 1 -d 1 --conf 0.001 --fp16 --fuse
                         yolox-m
                         yolox-l
                         yolox-x
```

</details>


<details>
<summary>Tutorials</summary>

*  [Training on custom data](docs/train_custom_data.md)
*  [Manipulating training image size](docs/manipulate_training_image_size.md)

</details>

## Deployment


1.  [MegEngine in C++ and Python](./demo/MegEngine)
2.  [ONNX export and an ONNXRuntime](./demo/ONNXRuntime)
3.  [TensorRT in C++ and Python](./demo/TensorRT)
4.  [ncnn in C++ and Java](./demo/ncnn)
5.  [OpenVINO in C++ and Python](./demo/OpenVINO)


## Third-party resources
* The ncnn android app with video support: [ncnn-android-yolox](https://github.com/FeiGeChuanShu/ncnn-android-yolox) from [FeiGeChuanShu](https://github.com/FeiGeChuanShu)
* YOLOX with Tengine support: [Tengine](https://github.com/OAID/Tengine/blob/tengine-lite/examples/tm_yolox.cpp) from [BUG1989](https://github.com/BUG1989)
* YOLOX + ROS2 Foxy: [YOLOX-ROS](https://github.com/Ar-Ray-code/YOLOX-ROS) from [Ar-Ray](https://github.com/Ar-Ray-code)
* YOLOX Deploy DeepStream: [YOLOX-deepstream](https://github.com/nanmi/YOLOX-deepstream) from [nanmi](https://github.com/nanmi)
* YOLOX MNN/TNN/ONNXRuntime: [YOLOX-MNN](https://github.com/DefTruth/lite.ai.toolkit/blob/main/lite/mnn/cv/mnn_yolox.cpp)、[YOLOX-TNN](https://github.com/DefTruth/lite.ai.toolkit/blob/main/lite/tnn/cv/tnn_yolox.cpp) and [YOLOX-ONNXRuntime C++](https://github.com/DefTruth/lite.ai.toolkit/blob/main/lite/ort/cv/yolox.cpp) from [DefTruth](https://github.com/DefTruth)
* Converting darknet or yolov5 datasets to COCO format for YOLOX: [YOLO2COCO](https://github.com/RapidAI/YOLO2COCO) from [Daniel](https://github.com/znsoftm)

## Cite YOLOX
If you use YOLOX in your research, please cite our work by using the following BibTeX entry:

```latex
 @article{yolox2021,
  title={YOLOX: Exceeding YOLO Series in 2021},
  author={Ge, Zheng and Liu, Songtao and Wang, Feng and Li, Zeming and Sun, Jian},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2107.08430},
  year={2021}
}
```

Commit message:

updated readme to include training instructions

README.md, after:

<div align="center"><img src="assets/logo.png" width="350"></div>
<img src="assets/demo.png" >

## Introduction
YOLOX is an anchor-free version of YOLO, with a simpler design but better performance! It aims to bridge the gap between research and industrial communities.
For more details, please refer to our [report on Arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.08430).

This repo is an implementation of PyTorch version YOLOX, there is also a [MegEngine implementation](https://github.com/MegEngine/YOLOX).

<img src="assets/git_fig.png" width="1000" >

## Aquabyte Implementation
Aquabyte has modified the repository such that it is possible to do inference with pytorch 1.4 instead of 1.7.

### Training
In order to replicate the training process for the latest fish detector, follow the following steps:
- Clone this repository
- run `make build` to build training docker
- run `make start` to enter the training docker container and navigate to `/workspace/mnt/`
- run `python download_datasets.py`. This script downloads the datasets from PLALI and the previous high recall detector training set, cleans them, and outputs the appropriate COCO format.
- run `./train.sh` to start training. Training process takes < 1 day on a single H100 as it is currentlly configured
- run `./eval.sh` to use the production confidence and NMS threshold settings to evaluate the trained model, versus the default model
- run `python explore_data.py` to visualize the results in fifty-one.

Note that the training requirements are different from the inference requirements.

***
Below are from the original document

## Updates!!
* 【2021/08/19】 We optimize the training process with **2x** faster training and **~1%** higher performance! See [notes](docs/updates_note.md) for more details.
* 【2021/08/05】 We release [MegEngine version YOLOX](https://github.com/MegEngine/YOLOX).
* 【2021/07/28】 We fix the fatal error of [memory leak](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/issues/103)
* 【2021/07/26】 We now support [MegEngine](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/tree/main/demo/MegEngine) deployment.
* 【2021/07/20】 We have released our technical report on [Arxiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.08430).

## Comming soon
- [ ] YOLOX-P6 and larger model.
- [ ] Objects365 pretrain.
- [ ] Transformer modules.
- [ ] More features in need.

## Benchmark

#### Standard Models.

|Model |size |mAP<sup>val<br>0.5:0.95 |mAP<sup>test<br>0.5:0.95 | Speed V100<br>(ms) | Params<br>(M) |FLOPs<br>(G)| weights |
| ------        |:---: | :---:    | :---:       |:---:     |:---:  | :---: | :----: |
|[YOLOX-s](./exps/default/yolox_s.py)    |640  |40.5 |40.5      |9.8      |9.0 | 26.8 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_s.pth) |
|[YOLOX-m](./exps/default/yolox_m.py)    |640  |46.9 |47.2      |12.3     |25.3 |73.8| [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_m.pth) |
|[YOLOX-l](./exps/default/yolox_l.py)    |640  |49.7 |50.1      |14.5     |54.2| 155.6 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_l.pth) |
|[YOLOX-x](./exps/default/yolox_x.py)   |640   |51.1 |**51.5**  | 17.3    |99.1 |281.9 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_x.pth) |
|[YOLOX-Darknet53](./exps/default/yolov3.py)   |640  | 47.7 | 48.0 | 11.1 |63.7 | 185.3 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_darknet.pth) |

<details>
<summary>Legacy models</summary>

|Model |size |mAP<sup>test<br>0.5:0.95 | Speed V100<br>(ms) | Params<br>(M) |FLOPs<br>(G)| weights |
| ------        |:---: | :---:       |:---:     |:---:  | :---: | :----: |
|[YOLOX-s](./exps/default/yolox_s.py)    |640  |39.6      |9.8     |9.0 | 26.8 | [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/EW62gmO2vnNNs5npxjzunVwB9p307qqygaCkXdTO88BLUg?e=NMTQYw)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_s.pth) |
|[YOLOX-m](./exps/default/yolox_m.py)    |640  |46.4      |12.3     |25.3 |73.8| [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/ERMTP7VFqrVBrXKMU7Vl4TcBQs0SUeCT7kvc-JdIbej4tQ?e=1MDo9y)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_m.pth) |
|[YOLOX-l](./exps/default/yolox_l.py)    |640  |50.0  |14.5 |54.2| 155.6 | [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/EWA8w_IEOzBKvuueBqfaZh0BeoG5sVzR-XYbOJO4YlOkRw?e=wHWOBE)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_l.pth) |
|[YOLOX-x](./exps/default/yolox_x.py)   |640  |**51.2**      | 17.3 |99.1 |281.9 | [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/EdgVPHBziOVBtGAXHfeHI5kBza0q9yyueMGdT0wXZfI1rQ?e=tABO5u)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_x.pth) |
|[YOLOX-Darknet53](./exps/default/yolov3.py)   |640  | 47.4      | 11.1 |63.7 | 185.3 | [onedrive](https://megvii-my.sharepoint.cn/:u:/g/personal/gezheng_megvii_com/EZ-MV1r_fMFPkPrNjvbJEMoBLOLAnXH-XKEB77w8LhXL6Q?e=mf6wOc)/[github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_darknet53.pth) |

</details>

#### Light Models.

|Model |size |mAP<sup>val<br>0.5:0.95 | Params<br>(M) |FLOPs<br>(G)| weights |
| ------        |:---:  |  :---:       |:---:     |:---:  | :---: |
|[YOLOX-Nano](./exps/default/nano.py) |416  |25.8  | 0.91 |1.08 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_nano.pth) |
|[YOLOX-Tiny](./exps/default/yolox_tiny.py) |416  |32.8 | 5.06 |6.45 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX/releases/download/0.1.1rc0/yolox_tiny.pth) |


<details>
<summary>Legacy models</summary>

|Model |size |mAP<sup>val<br>0.5:0.95 | Params<br>(M) |FLOPs<br>(G)| weights |
| ------        |:---:  |  :---:       |:---:     |:---:  | :---: |
|[YOLOX-Nano](./exps/default/nano.py) |416  |25.3  | 0.91 |1.08 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_nano.pth) |
|[YOLOX-Tiny](./exps/default/yolox_tiny.py) |416  |32.8 | 5.06 |6.45 | [github](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/storage/releases/download/0.0.1/yolox_tiny_32dot8.pth) |

</details>

## Quick Start

<details>
<summary>Installation</summary>

Step1. Install YOLOX.
```shell
git clone git@github.com:Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX.git
cd YOLOX
pip3 install -U pip && pip3 install -r requirements.txt
pip3 install -v -e .  # or  python3 setup.py develop
```

Step2. Install [pycocotools](https://github.com/cocodataset/cocoapi).

```shell
pip3 install cython; pip3 install 'git+https://github.com/cocodataset/cocoapi.git#subdirectory=PythonAPI'
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>Demo</summary>

Step1. Download a pretrained model from the benchmark table.

Step2. Use either -n or -f to specify your detector's config. For example:

```shell
python tools/demo.py image -n yolox-s -c /path/to/your/yolox_s.pth --path assets/dog.jpg --conf 0.25 --nms 0.45 --tsize 640 --save_result --device [cpu/gpu]
```
or
```shell
python tools/demo.py image -f exps/default/yolox_s.py -c /path/to/your/yolox_s.pth --path assets/dog.jpg --conf 0.25 --nms 0.45 --tsize 640 --save_result --device [cpu/gpu]
```
Demo for video:
```shell
python tools/demo.py video -n yolox-s -c /path/to/your/yolox_s.pth --path /path/to/your/video --conf 0.25 --nms 0.45 --tsize 640 --save_result --device [cpu/gpu]
```


</details>

<details>
<summary>Reproduce our results on COCO</summary>

Step1. Prepare COCO dataset
```shell
cd <YOLOX_HOME>
ln -s /path/to/your/COCO ./datasets/COCO
```

Step2. Reproduce our results on COCO by specifying -n:

```shell
python tools/train.py -n yolox-s -d 8 -b 64 --fp16 -o [--cache]
                         yolox-m
                         yolox-l
                         yolox-x
```
* -d: number of gpu devices
* -b: total batch size, the recommended number for -b is num-gpu * 8
* --fp16: mixed precision training
* --cache: caching imgs into RAM to accelarate training, which need large system RAM. 

When using -f, the above commands are equivalent to:
```shell
python tools/train.py -f exps/default/yolox_s.py -d 8 -b 64 --fp16 -o [--cache]
                         exps/default/yolox_m.py
                         exps/default/yolox_l.py
                         exps/default/yolox_x.py
```
  
**Multi Machine Training**

We also support multi-nodes training. Just add the following args:
* --num\_machines: num of your total training nodes
* --machine\_rank: specify the rank of each node

Suppose you want to train YOLOX on 2 machines, and your master machines's IP is 123.123.123.123, use port 12312 and TCP.  
On master machine, run
```shell
python tools/train.py -n yolox-s -b 128 --dist-url tcp://123.123.123.123:12312 --num-machines 2 --machine-rank 0
```
On the second machine, run
```shell
python tools/train.py -n yolox-s -b 128 --dist-url tcp://123.123.123.123:12312 --num-machines 2 --machine-rank 1
```

</details>


<details>
<summary>Evaluation</summary>

We support batch testing for fast evaluation:

```shell
python tools/eval.py -n  yolox-s -c yolox_s.pth -b 64 -d 8 --conf 0.001 [--fp16] [--fuse]
                         yolox-m
                         yolox-l
                         yolox-x
```
* --fuse: fuse conv and bn
* -d: number of GPUs used for evaluation. DEFAULT: All GPUs available will be used.
* -b: total batch size across on all GPUs

To reproduce speed test, we use the following command:
```shell
python tools/eval.py -n  yolox-s -c yolox_s.pth -b 1 -d 1 --conf 0.001 --fp16 --fuse
                         yolox-m
                         yolox-l
                         yolox-x
```

</details>


<details>
<summary>Tutorials</summary>

*  [Training on custom data](docs/train_custom_data.md)
*  [Manipulating training image size](docs/manipulate_training_image_size.md)

</details>

## Deployment


1.  [MegEngine in C++ and Python](./demo/MegEngine)
2.  [ONNX export and an ONNXRuntime](./demo/ONNXRuntime)
3.  [TensorRT in C++ and Python](./demo/TensorRT)
4.  [ncnn in C++ and Java](./demo/ncnn)
5.  [OpenVINO in C++ and Python](./demo/OpenVINO)


## Third-party resources
* The ncnn android app with video support: [ncnn-android-yolox](https://github.com/FeiGeChuanShu/ncnn-android-yolox) from [FeiGeChuanShu](https://github.com/FeiGeChuanShu)
* YOLOX with Tengine support: [Tengine](https://github.com/OAID/Tengine/blob/tengine-lite/examples/tm_yolox.cpp) from [BUG1989](https://github.com/BUG1989)
* YOLOX + ROS2 Foxy: [YOLOX-ROS](https://github.com/Ar-Ray-code/YOLOX-ROS) from [Ar-Ray](https://github.com/Ar-Ray-code)
* YOLOX Deploy DeepStream: [YOLOX-deepstream](https://github.com/nanmi/YOLOX-deepstream) from [nanmi](https://github.com/nanmi)
* YOLOX MNN/TNN/ONNXRuntime: [YOLOX-MNN](https://github.com/DefTruth/lite.ai.toolkit/blob/main/lite/mnn/cv/mnn_yolox.cpp)、[YOLOX-TNN](https://github.com/DefTruth/lite.ai.toolkit/blob/main/lite/tnn/cv/tnn_yolox.cpp) and [YOLOX-ONNXRuntime C++](https://github.com/DefTruth/lite.ai.toolkit/blob/main/lite/ort/cv/yolox.cpp) from [DefTruth](https://github.com/DefTruth)
* Converting darknet or yolov5 datasets to COCO format for YOLOX: [YOLO2COCO](https://github.com/RapidAI/YOLO2COCO) from [Daniel](https://github.com/znsoftm)

## Cite YOLOX
If you use YOLOX in your research, please cite our work by using the following BibTeX entry:

```latex
 @article{yolox2021,
  title={YOLOX: Exceeding YOLO Series in 2021},
  author={Ge, Zheng and Liu, Songtao and Wang, Feng and Li, Zeming and Sun, Jian},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2107.08430},
  year={2021}
}
```
